==================================
Flights from Rhodes to Athens
     6:40 AM, 10:35 AM, 3:05 PM and 6:30 PM:  Flights are one hour long.

Nov 16 - fly to Greece, final destination Rhodes, arrive on the 17th
Nov 17 - Rhodes
Nov 18 - Rhodes
Nov 19 - Rhodes
Nov 20 - Fly to Athens, rent car, drive to Nafplio, night in Nafplio
Nov 21 - Nafplio, day trip to Mycenae
Nov 22 - Drive to Monemvasia, night in Monemvasia
Nov 23 - Drive to Kardamyli, night in Kardamyli
Nov 24 - Kardamyli, visit Mani peninsula villages
Nov 25 - Drive to Kalavryta, take round-trip train ride through canyon, night in Kalavryta
Kalavrita down to Diakopto
    10:17 AM 11:24
    12:41 PM 1:53
    2:03 PM 3:13
    3:28 PM 4:39
    5:23 PM 6:32
Diakopto to Kalavrita
    9:05 AM 10:15
    11:30 AM 12:37
    12:49 PM 1:59
    2:05 PM 3:15
    3:30 PM 4:41

Nov 26 - Drive through Delphi to somewhere between Delphi and Meteora
Nov 27 - Meteora tour in morning, drive back to Athens, start on the trip home

Acrocorinth
Meteora
Delphi -- ruins and museum.  Best with a guide for both
Olympia -- tour
Monemvasia -- cooking class?
Nafplion
Kardamyli
Mycenae tour

Day 2: Athens' Acropolis
This morning we'll hike to the top of Athens' legendary Acropolis, where we'll take a walking tour of its 2,500-year-old Golden Age temples, dominated by the dramatic Parthenon. We'll then work our way down and tour the sleek new Acropolis Museum, custom built to showcase the amazing Parthenon sculptures. Your afternoon and evening are free for exploring Athens' marketplaces — the ancient Agora and the modern Plaka's labyrinth of inviting streets, squares, shops, and cafés. No bus. Walking: strenuous.

Day 3: Greek Treasures and Delphi
This morning we'll tour Athens' impressive National Archaeological Museum, home to amazingly preserved masterpieces in marble, bronze, and gold. Then we'll leave the city and drive into the rugged countryside. In a dramatic setting on the flanks of 8,000-foot Mt. Parnassus we'll enjoy the fresh air and tour the mystical ruins of Delphi. Here, 25 centuries ago, the celebrated oracle allowed mere mortals to converse with the gods. This evening we'll have dinner together and sleep in the town of Delphi (1 night). Bus: 4 hours. Walking: strenuous.

Day 4: Peloponnese Mountains
Today we'll cross over the Gulf of Corinth to the Peloponnese, where we'll temporarily leave our bus for a steep, scenic cog railway ride up to the historic town of Kalavryta, past the waterfalls and caves lining the narrow Vouraikos Gorge. Just beyond at a riverside café in the mountain village of Planitero, we'll enjoy a lunch of freshly caught trout and other Greek specialties before our bus takes us to our destination high up in the Menalon Mountains. Tonight we'll enjoy dinner together. Sleep in or near Lagkadia (1 night). Train: 1 hour. Bus: 5 hours. Walking: light.

Day 5: Ancient Olympia
This morning's winding mountain drive will take us to Olympia, site of the world's first Olympics, over 2,700 years ago. There we'll take a vivid walking tour of Olympia's ancient athletic venues, temples, and museum, followed by lunch together. This afternoon's drive will take us along sweeping views of the Ionian Sea to a relaxed seaside village on the Mani Peninsula, where we'll sleep (2 nights). Bus: 5 hours. Walking: moderate.

Day 6: Seaside Vacation
The Mani is an ideal place to enjoy a "vacation from your vacation." After some orientation by your guide, the day is all yours. You might hike along the ancient cobbled paths that wind their way through the nearby hills — or just relax on the beach — and end your day with a grilled seafood dinner and a view from the little taverna you've discovered. No bus. Walking: light to strenuous (your choice).

Day 7: Mani Villages
We'll follow the coast to the isolated Mani Peninsula, home to generations-long clan wars, salt-of-the-earth villages, and unique pyrgospita — tower houses. If Greece had a Tombstone and an O.K. Corral, here is where they'd be. We'll enjoy lunch together, and after making a few off-the-beaten-path discoveries, we'll ride on to the dramatically set medieval town of Monemvasia, where you'll be free for dinner. Sleep in mainland Monemvasia (2 nights). Bus: 5 hours. Walking: light.

Day 8: Medieval Monemvasia
This morning we'll cross the causeway to tackle the massive rock that shoots straight up out of the blue-green Aegean Sea. After an orientation walk around Monemvasia's cozy little Lower Town, you'll have free time to wander more of the romantic walled town or take a swim in the Aegean. Those who want a workout can hike to the very top of the rock. You will be rewarded with sweeping Aegean views and a chance to explore the ruins of the Upper Town — a living museum of Byzantine, Ottoman, and Venetian history. This evening we'll enjoy a cooking demonstration, followed by dinner together. No bus. Walking: moderate.

Day 9: Byzantine Mystras
Today we'll head up into the heart of the Peloponnese, where we'll tour the haunting ruins of the fortress town of Mystras and its still-standing group of Byzantine churches. After stopping in nearby Sparta for lunch, we'll continue north to our destination: the delightful, fortress-topped harbor town of Nafplio. We'll enjoy a Greek wine and ouzo tasting, and sleep in Nafplio (2 nights). Bus: 5 hours. Walking: strenuous.

Day 10: Mycenae and Nafplio
After breakfast we'll take a short drive to mysterious Mycenae, the fortified city founded by Perseus a thousand years before the Parthenon was built. We'll take a walking tour through the grand Lion Gate, along the "cyclopean" walls, and into a remarkably domed tholos tomb. Then we'll return to Nafplio for a free afternoon to explore the colorful alleyways of the Old Town, ride a boat to the little castle island in the harbor, or hike up to enjoy a Venetian fortress view. We'll regroup for dinner and music together this evening. Bus: 1 hour. Walking: moderate.

Day 11: Ancient Epidavros
This morning we'll drive to nearby Epidavros. Once the most famous healing center in the Mediterranean, today's star attraction is its ancient theater, large enough to accommodate 14,000. We'll learn about the roots of medicine and drama here, before hopping a boat to the idyllic traffic-free island of Hydra, where we'll sleep (2 nights). Boat: ½ hour. Bus: 2 hours. Walking: moderate.
